# Automatic-Grading-System
During the competitive exams(like JEE Main) , we fill the answers on the OMR Sheet. Now manually checking this OMR sheet for each and every student is a very a tiresome and hectic task. So using Computer Vision i have to tried to automate this task. You just have to place each student's answersheet in front of the webcam and within seconds , scores will be displayed on the computer screen.Correct answers will be displayed with green circles and wrong answers with red circles.
- BroadReach Extended (BRE) adds a Class Server to BroadReach, shown in Figure 1, bullet 4.
The BRE Class Server manages the work of lab grading and feedback, including responding to
student-initiated lab grading, sending results to students and faculty, and storing results in log
files on the server.
# Abstract:
Most of the articles which cover automated grading consider keyword matching to be a crucial aspect while grading answers. Even though these are important, it is human to forget several uncommon terms and instead replace them with words that have a similar meaning. In this paper, a solution to grading of papers of theory based subjects is obtained where in Automatic Paper Grading will be performed using Natural Language Processing. Machine learning techniques like Semantic Analysis will be adopted. As a single answer can be presented in a number of ways by different students, matching keywords is inefficient. That is why, using ontology, extraction of words and their synonyms related to the domain is done which makes the evaluation process holistic as presence of keywords, synonyms, the right word combination and coverage of concepts can now be checked. The above mentioned techniques will be implemented with Ontology and will be tested on common input data consisting of technical answers. 
